---
title:  "About N°10"
subtitle: "Edito"
image: "img/2017-06-13-1-Edito.jpeg"
---


# *”J’attends pas que ça tombe du ciel, si t’es pas numéro 10 à Paname, t’es la banane du siècle” (*)*


https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IZmCwtYk98A


(*) _“I don’t wait this falls from the sky, if you’re not a Number 10 in Paname, you’re just the biggest scam ever.“_  

 
This punchline from Booba, the most influential French rapper alive, is explicit : in a city like Paris, you have to use your existence to hustle, lead your own path and inspire others. His single __[“N° 10”](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IZmCwtYk98A)__ is an ode to leadership and urban leaders. 
 
In football - not the American one, but the real one - the N°10s are the playmakers, the technical leaders with the best all-around vision. They are a step ahead, they anticipate, they see the unseen. They build, co-create and positively influence their team-mates. 
 
On a practical level, they know how to build ecosystems and play collectively to get a strong impact on their community.  
 
Off the pitch, inspirational N°10s are everywhere, especially in our generation. I feel lucky to get to know some of them : artists, entrepreneurs, politicians, journalists, professors or community builders… They inspire me on daily basis, and I’m deeply convinced they will achieve great things in our society, sooner than we could expect.
 
One of my activities is about telling stories, bring new perspectives and connecting people. 
 
So in my WOW project, I decided to tell you ten stories of badass N°10s. This set of very subjective portraits is also a tribute to the Paris region where I grew up. 
 
From their core center to their suburbs, this metropolis is a hub where different cultures, energies, visions, gather and thrive together. 
 
As Booba said, Paris is a platform where numbers 10 emerge and express themselves. 
 
I hope you will enjoy this immersive journey and get inspirational WOWs ! 
 
PTA